DOCS-582: Mark robot service page as a draft (#912)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/services/frame-system.md

## Accessing the Frame System

> The [Robot API](https://github.com/viamrobotics/rdk/blob/main/robot/server/server.go) supplies two methods to interact with the Frame System through gRPC calls:

Author: ```suggestion
The [Robot API](https://github.com/viamrobotics/api/blob/main/proto/viam/robot/v1/robot.proto) supplies two methods to interact with the Frame System through gRPC calls:
```

> The [Robot API](https://github.com/viamrobotics/api/blob/main/proto/viam/robot/v1/robot.proto) supplies two methods to interact with the Frame System through gRPC calls:

Author: @edaniels Does this now match your update specs? Sorry for the confusion
